Make config dispatch optional with flag rocRAND (#1749)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/rocrand/CHANGELOG.md

* Updated error handling for several rocRAND unit tests to accomodate the new hipGetLastError behaviour that was introduced in ROCm 7.0.
As of ROCm 7.0, the internal error state is cleared on each call to `hipGetLastError` rather than on every HIP API call.

### Changed

> * Changed the `USE_DEVICE_DISPATCH` flag so it can turn device dispatch off, by setting it to zero, when being built with SPIRV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed the `USE_DEVICE_DISPATCH` flag when building with SPIRV, so setting it to zero turns device dispatch off.
```

Author: It indeed was not very clear,. I have updated it in a way which is hopefully clearer.

> * Changed the `USE_DEVICE_DISPATCH` flag so it can turn device dispatch off, by setting it to zero. Device dispatch should be turned of when building for SPIRV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed the `USE_DEVICE_DISPATCH` flag so it can turn device dispatch off by setting it to zero. Device dispatch should be turned off when building for SPIRV.
```

Author: Made the change thanks.
